Assignment 1:

QUESTION-1:
	Why do computers understand only binary language?

ANSWER:
	Computer is an electronic device which needs electrical power(Dc power/battery power) to run.
	In the modern computers we use lots of transistors thses transistor need DC power supply continously.
	when these transistors gets the Dc power it is considered as high state.
	when there is no power in transistor it is considered as low state.
	The high and low states is called binary states.
	when we replace the word high and low with 1 and 0 respectively it becomes binary language.
	so we can say that when there is high in transistor that means 1.
	when there is low in transistor that means 0.
	
	NOTE THAT
		There is no actuall 0 and 1 in the transistor. there are only high and low states.
	
	So
	we can say that computer only understand the binary language
	because binary means only two and we have also only states that is high and low



QUESTION-2:
	What is the full form of IDE?

ANSWER:
	IDE stand for INTEGRATED DEVELOPMENT ENVIRONMENT.



QUESTION-3:
	What is the difference between a text editor and a code editor?

ANSWER:
	TEXT EDITOR.
		1 ---> It is an application software which allow user to write something
			like esay, letter, application, synopsis e.t.c.
		2 ---> Here you edit your text on your choice
			like font size, align text, bold text, italic text, strong text e.t.c
		3 ---> After writting your project you can save these files as a text file.
			some text editors are Notepad, MS word e.t.c,

	CODE EDITOR:
		 It is also a text editor too. You can do whatever you do in text editor as well.
		but the main difference is that Code editor uses "Extension". due to these Extensions user can write code very efficiently.
		due to these Extension useful suggestion are given by the IDE or Code editor to user.
		and you can save your file with lots of Extension too.
		    like {.c, .cpp, .py, .java, etc}

QUESTION-4:
	What are the steps to develop software using the C language?

ANSWER:
	The two main steps are:
	1 ---> write source code.
	2 ---> Build a softwere
	    --Add Preprocessors
	    --Compile it
	    --Linker(.exe)

QUESTION-5:Explore by your own

	(a):What is the latest version of C Language?
    ANSWER:
	C17 is the latest version of Language.

	(b):Who developed C Language?

    ANSWER:
	Dennis Ritchie develop C Language in 1970.

	(c):What is the difference between System and Application Software?
    ANSWER:
        SYSTEM SOFTWERE:
	System Softwere(OS) is an interface between hardwere and User(application softwere).
	It performs all necessary work related to the hardwere like Resource allocation and deallocation.
	Manage CPU sheduling.
	memory managnment.
	Device Mangnment. etc.
        APPLICATION SOFTWERE:
	It is also an interface between system softwere and real user.
	it is made only for some specific task.like notepad, VLC media player, any IDE,etc.

	(d): How to convert a number from a decimal number system to a binary number system?
    ANSWER:
	Write down the number.
	Divide it by 2 and note the remainder.
	Divide the quotient obtained by 2 and note the remainder.
	Repeat the same process till we get 0 as the quotient.
	Write the values of all the remainders starting from the bottom to the top.
   ex:-
	Let
	number = 12
	Divide the number by 2.
	Remainder = 0. (After dividing).
	Quotient = 6.
	Divide the quotient by 2.
	Remainder = 0.
	Quotient = 3.

	Divide the quotient by 2.
	Remainder = 1.
	Quotient = 1.  (Now stop)

So The bianry of 12 is (1100).

				THANKS

















